I'll be the cursor teacher. I'll be a police officer.
There will be a friend who will be a little more
Will
There is a space where you can experience such a job in advance .
Especially today, I think it will be the best space for the scientist dreaming friends.
Let's meet together.
Oh, it's the first child-specific science museum in Korea that will be created for the first time .
Let's go together.
Oh Rainbow for children 3 to 6 years from the age of the ice only do we require water May
You can touch it directly.
Human Village for children advantage in predominantly ¥ 5
Do not be alarmed, you can go directly into our body and keep a close look at the configuration.
Well, this is a secret net for kids aged 7 to 12.
Besides the scientists, you can experience other people with excitement.
Fall is the village for the elementary school seniors.
They have complex, cutting-edge looks.
The last global mean more natural volcanic earthquakes in the second part of the earth and the art form
I can meet you.
Let's look at each one.
This is a rainbow town with a natural environment.
A lot of things or what you guys are doing now
we
You are experimenting with the energy principle we have through the water pump.
Aaa lee ah ah
I think I should let you know through this experience.
Let's go to the next two channels.
I am most excited to be here.
We can try to accelerate our purpose until we reach the small cap
I have.
I have a big nose right now.
It appears to be a total 5
If you do not come here, you'll know exactly what happens if you do not do it.
Here is a secret to meet and experience the specific future of the profession
It's a town.
Conan is very particular fire experience in attracting big talk
Now this is where the older kids especially like it.
The state-of-the-art body-recognition sensor lets you feel like a real sky-
5 Can I just touch this?
I can be satisfied here . It could be a pilot like my friends.
We can learn the principles of science while doing our own driving.
To the grasping village for children who are interested in the jiggling environment
It's really big for our friends who dream of future scientists.
Ah ah ah ah
I came to see space science after earth science ,
To the Space Center in oktokki more children with an interest and curiosity about the commitment
It's not an experiential learning experience
The Oktoberfest Space Center is largely divided into an exhibition hall and an experience hall.
U
A total of 1,500 space-related exhibits were installed
It 's easy to see someone in universe unity that felt like it was difficult.
Next, in the experience class, gravity acceleration chair, space elevator location
Experiencing the crowd will fill up a total of 7 instruments that are used for actual training .
I can see it.
Oh, let 's go on a human journey.
Experience our friends to favorite Ah Yen
Oh, ah, I can take a rocket and go on a trip.
It'll be fun again.
Re too awkward
Experience disorder
I'll id.
I can also experience the pervasive space movement politics.
It's simple and easy to use .
Well , my friends are long,
Ah
Oh man or still in development between the elevator problem is the universe and the Earth
He says he's going to deliver things.
For the basic science, raise meat, experience, and leave the texture together
U